fix(push-notifications): Updated cross platform setup (#5806)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/push-notifications/ios/setup_push_service/setup-apns.mdx

Create an app ID to identify your app in the Apple Developer portal. You need this ID when you create an SSL certificate for sending push notifications, when you create an iOS distribution certificate, and when you create a provisioning profile.

> _If you already have an ID assigned to your app, you can skip this step. You can use an existing app ID provided it doesn't contain a wildcard character ("\*")._

Reviewer: Why the italics? It doesn't read better IMO. 
If we want to make it more prominent we can use a `<Callout>` instead.

This comment applies to the other sections were italics was used.

Author: I'll remove the italics 👍

**To assign an App ID to your app**

> - Sign in to your [Apple Developer account](https://developer.apple.com/membercenter/index.action) and navigate to [Identifiers](https://developer.apple.com/account/resources/identifiers/list) 

Reviewer 2: +1 on pictures, it already had pictures before. I guess they were removed because the images were outdated.

- In the **Identifiers** pane, click the **Register an App ID** button, or click the blue **(+)** button in the header.
- In the **Register a new identifier** pane, Select **App IDs** and click **Continue**.
- In the **Register a new identifier** pane, Select **App** and click **Continue**.
- In the **Registering an App ID** pane, for **Description**, type a custom name for your app ID that makes it easy to recognize later.
- For **App ID Prefix**, select **Explicit**, and type a bundle ID for your app. If you already have an app, use the bundle ID assigned to it. You can find this ID in the app project in Xcode on your Mac. Otherwise, take note of the bundle ID because you will assign it to your app in Xcode later.
- Under **Capabilities** select **Push Notifications**.

> - Click **Continue**. In the **Confirm your App ID** pane, check that all values were entered correctly. The identifier should match your app ID and bundle ID.

Reviewer 2: I think using **Bundle Identifier** would be clearer. They can also find it over Xcode with that name.

> - Click **Continue**. In the **Confirm your App ID** pane, check that all values were entered correctly. The identifier should match your app ID and bundle ID.

Author: I believe this quoted sentence is captured better in line 38 so I removed it.

- Under **Capabilities**, locate **Push Notifications**, click **Configure** 
- In the **Production SSL Certificate** section, click **Create Certificate**.
- Follow these [instructions](https://developer.apple.com/help/account/create-certificates/create-a-certificate-signing-request) for creating a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) file. You use the Keychain Access application on your Mac to create the request and save it on your local disk.
- In the **Generate your certificate** pane, click **Choose File**, and then select the CSR file you created and click **Continue**. 
- When the certificate is ready, click **Download** to save the certificate to your computer.
- Double-click the downloaded certificate to install it to the Keychain on your Mac.
- On your Mac, start the Keychain Access application.
- In **Certificates**, find the certificate you just added. The certificate is named "Apple Push Services:`com.my.app.id`", where `com.my.app.id` is the app ID for which the certificate was created.
- Right-click the push certificate and then select **Export "Apple Push Services:`com.my.app.id`"** from the context menu to export a file containing the certificate.

> - Type a name for the certificate that is easy to recognize and save it to your computer. Do not provide an export password when prompted. You need to upload this certificate when creating your app in AWS Mobile Hub.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Name the file `amplify` and ensure that `p12` is selected as the export format, then save it to your computer. Click **OK** to skip adding a password to the certificate. Then enter your computer password to complete the export.
```

Register a test device with your Apple Developer account so that you can test your app on that device. Later, you associate this test device with your provisioning profile, which allows your app to launch on your device.

_If you already have a registered device, you can skip this step._

> **To add a device**

Reviewer 3: The next three steps are done automatically in Xcode when the "Automatically manage signing" box is checked, and is usually the better option.

Author: Added a callout 👍
